C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.exe
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.deps.json
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.Up2Date
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed.net\tic-tac-toe\src\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Server.dll
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.exe
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.deps.json
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.dll
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.pdb
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Server.dll
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Décimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.exe
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.deps.json
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\bin\Debug\net9.0\Shared.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.csproj.Up2Date
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Server.dll
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.pdb
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\Server.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\p\Documents\_URU\Decimo_primer_trimestre\Distribuidos\.net\distributed tic tac toe\Server\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Server.dll
